---
layout: post
title: "HackPoly 2014"
date: 2014-02-16 22:00:00
categories: etcaetera software
---

A few weeks ago I participated in HackPoly 2014, Cal Poly Pomona's first annual hackathon. It was such a great experience, I had a blast. One of the big ideas that it reinforced in me is that to write my best code I have to really be in love with the project I'm working on. One of my biggest weeknesses as a developer has been not seeing every project through to the end, and I always realise every time I abandon a project that I didn't completely fall in love with it. There's a type of project that really excites me and motivates me to pour everything I have into making the best piece of software I've ever made. Those are the projects I'm always looking to start or work on, because I know that if I love it, then I can make something I'm truly proud of. I had been learing Django in the weeks leading up to HackPoly just for fun, and it turned out that making a web app was great for our team so I created the site with some help of our designer and our IOS developer made an awesome little app to connect with my web service. It was so great and I was very proud of what we had made. Though we only won "runner up for best use of Food2Fork API", I was still extremely pleased with the way everything went down. After being so successful with Django I was super motivated to do more web apps using Django but once again I've been struggling to find one that I can totally fall in love with. Now I have an idea for a mobile app that I think I could really get passionate about but I don't know if I want make the shift to a totally different platform and language again, since it's been so long since I've written anything for Android and I've never learned IOS development before. This is the crossroads I'm at right now.. I'm not really sure what to do, but I'm trying to find a web app that I can get equally excited about to keep improving my Django skills. This is all while attempting to keep my grades up in school, what a dilema!