---
layout: post
title: "HackSC 2014"
date: 2014-03-26 22:00:00
categories: etcaetera software
---

<p>So HackSC was extremely fun. Following HackPoly I was so ready to participate in another Hackathon. I ended up meeting a whole new group of students from Cal Poly and we all carpooled out to Los Angeles together. We arrived way too early and spent a while at the USC cafeteria just hanging out and brainstorming ideas for our project. We eventually all agreed on the idea of making a legalese translator web app coupled with an Android app. Over the course of the two days we spent hacking it was so obvious that something was amiss with the planning of the event. Everything - including the food - was late or off-schedule and we were shuffled all over the campus to different classrooms. For me, this made writing code and staying concentrated more difficult to do. However we did end up getting some fairly long stretches of time to code, and I learned that the budget for the entire event had been slashed precipiotusly at the last minute. Bearing this in mind, I was pretty proud that we ended up producing a web app and an Android app that were able to communicate well. I'd say that the biggest problem I had with our project was the backend of the web app, wich was admittedly my job to take care of.</p> 

<p>We could have done much more with our idea, instead of simply replacing complicated legal words with common ones, we could have used natural language processing and tried to glean the true intent behind the words. This wouldn't have been excedingly difficult either since there are a number of great API's that exist to do natural language processing. I just didn't think about it until the end of the Hackathon, a mistake on my part, though next time I'll definitely think more deeply about what we can do. I do blame a little bit on the way that the event was organized however, since we all ended up in tiny little classrooms we had some students who had given up on their project come in to our room and put on a movie which distracted our entire team for a very long time. After 30+ hours of no sleep it becomes extremely easy to be distracted by other things and to just drift off to doing something else. Next time though! With the Facebook Hackathon looming in the next few weeks and then the enormous LA Hacks directly following it, I'll have two big oportunities to apply the lessons learned at HackSC. For certain though, Hackthons are a blast!</p>